Update cdn-overview.md (#104653)
Azure/azure-content: articles/web-application-firewall/cdn/cdn-overview.md

A WAF policy can consist of two types of security rules:

- *custom rules*: rules that you can create yourself. 

> - *managed rule sets*: Azure managed pre-configured set of rules that can be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *managed rule sets*: Azure managed pre-configured set of rules that you can enable.
```

Reviewer: @asukumar22 use consistent wording for both rule sets.
